doc(release) Release notes web 24.04.9 (#3921)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 24.04.9

Release date: `December 19, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

> - [API] Added missing configuration change logs for host severities configuration.
> - [API] Added missing configuration change logs for service severities configuration.
> - [API] Added missing configuration change logs for service template configuration.
> - [API] Added missing configuration change logs for timeperiods configuration.
> - [Configuration] Improved the tooltip for Broker's Unify SQL output.
> - [Install] add 24.10 support to unattended script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for host severities configuration.
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for service severities configuration.
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for service template configuration.
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for timeperiods configuration.
- [Configuration] Improved the tooltip for Broker's Unified SQL output.
- [Install] Add 24.10 support for unattended script.
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Action Log] Fixed an issue on actions details column in Action Log.
> - [API] Time period definitions containing the value 00:00-00:00 are now correctly taken into account.
> - [Authentication] Fixed a random disconnection issue occurring with OpenID authentication.
> - [Authentication] Fixed an issue preventing LDAP users with more than one email address to log in to Centreon.
> - [Authentication] Fixed SSO authentication when user have a legacy page as default page with SAML protocol.
> - [Configuration] Adding a Centreon Broker output with lua parameters now works properly: values are no longer mixed up.
> - [Custom Views] Fixed an issue with how the edit widget pencil icon was displayed.
> - [Custom Views] Fixed issue preventing some filters from functioning in the Hostgroup monitoring widget.
> - [Custom Views] Fixed issue preventing some filters from functioning in the "Host monitoring" widget.
> - [Downtimes] Fixed an issue on Service Groups which can't be deleted in recurrent downtimes.
> - [Services] Fixed issue with service names containing a slash ("/") in their name.
> - [Status Grid] Fixed issue with incorrect number of resources displayed on hover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Action Log] The action details column now displays the correct information in the Action Log page.
- [API] Time period definitions containing the value 00:00-00:00 are now correctly taken into account.
- [Authentication] Fixed a random disconnection issue occurring with OpenID authentication.
- [Authentication] Fixed an issue preventing LDAP users with more than one email address to log in to Centreon.
- [Authentication] Fixed an issue with SSO authentication with SAML that occurred when users had a legacy page as default page.
- [Configuration] Adding a Centreon Broker output with lua parameters now works properly: values are no longer mixed up.
- [Custom Views] Fixed an issue with how the edit widget pencil icon was displayed.
- [Custom Views] Fixed an issue preventing some filters from functioning in the "Hostgroup monitoring" and "Host monitoring" widgets.
- [Downtimes] Fixed an issue where Service Groups could not be deleted in recurrent downtimes.
- [Dashboards][Widgets] In the resource selection fields, services containing a slash ("/") in their name no longer trigger an error.
- [Status Grid] Fixed an issue where an incorrect number of resources were displayed on hover.
```
